Michael had never been a tactful person. He often
offended people with his words and he had lost many
friends in the process. However, Michael had a best friend,
Benny, who always stood by him no matter what happened.
He would defend Michael whenever others criticised him for
being rude and tactless. However, one day, Michael's bad
habit proved even too much for Benny.
It was after recess and Michael was searching for his
eraser in the classroom. He searched everywhere and asked
his classmates if they had seen it. He was shocked when he
saw his eraser lying in clear sight on Benny's desk. He
grabbed it from the table and immediately started accusing
Benny of being a thief.
"You thief! Why did you steal my eraser? Don't you
have one of your own? How can you take my things without
asking for my permission?" he yelled at the top of his voice.
There was dead silence as everyone in the class
turned to stare at the two boys. Benny was so shocked that
for a moment he simply stared expressionlessly at Michael.
Slowly, everyone around them began whispering. Benny's
face turned red and he glared at Michael.
"I would never take your things. You, of all people
should know that. How can you accuse me of being a thief?"
he retorted.

It was not long before a heated argument started. A group of students had gathered around them and some
were even discussing if Benny could actually be a thief. Just
then, the teacher arrived in class. She heard the argument
and asked what had happened. When she found out that
Benny had been accused of stealing the eraser, she turned
to Michael and chastised him. She reprimanded him for
jumping to conclusions and for distrusting his best friend.
She also told him that it was she who had found the eraser
on the floor and thinking that it belonged to Benny, had put
it on his table. When Michael heard that, he was so
embarrassed that he hung his head in shame. He did not
even dare look at Benny when he apologised meekly to him.
That day, Michael spent a long time typing an email
to Benny. He wanted to apologise for what had happened.
The incident had made him realise how tactless he was. He
wondered if Benny would ever forgive him.