I was diagnosed with kidney failure when I was seven
years old. The doctor told me that the only cure was to get
a kidney transplant. At such a tender age, unable to
understand what kidney failure was about, my mother told
me that the kidney was like a car which often broke down
and needed repairs.
Despite my efforts to get better, my illness gradually
became worse. In school, I was unable to lead the active and
normal life that my other friends led. I often stood in a
corner, watching them in envy as they played games and ran
around. I even had to control what I ate.
Even though I tried to control my diet and lead as
healthy a life as I could, I eventually had to go to a kidney
dialysis centre three times a week. There were many people
there who were just like me. Some of them were in the
terminal stages. Most of them looked despondent and
upset. They lay lethargically on the chairs as they went
through their dialysis. As it was my only chance of leading a
normal life, I endured the pain of needles poking my skin.
After a while, I became immune to the pain. My arms were
filled with needle holes but the pricking did not seem to hurt
as much as when they first did. I watched as my blood
flowed monotonously in and out of the dialysis machine.
I must have spent many hours sitting in the dialysis
centre which was my only hope for a better life. After going
there for so many weeks, the place still frightened me. I
always dreaded the journey there and the smell and sight
that greeted me when I entered. Every time I ended my
dialysis, I would hope that it would be my last trip there.
The much awaited day finally arrived five years later.
I received a call from my doctor who told me that there was
a matching kidney and I would be able to get the kidney
transplant. My parents and I were filled with jubilation. I
deliberately chose to have the operation on my birthday. I
thought it was symbolic that I should be given a new lease of
life on the day when I first came into this world.
I have been able to lead a normal and active life ever
since my kidney transplant. Although I am on medication
and have to visit the doctor regularly, I am able to take part
in the activities that my friends take part in. My life has
finally changed for the better.