I attend a primary school that is located near my
house. It is a big school with about two thousand pupils and
almost a hundred teachers. Due to the large number of
pupils enrolled in my school, we have two sessions-the
morning and afternoon sessions.
There is a full-sized library in my school with
hundreds of different titles. We love to visit our library and
borrow many interesting books to read. We also study in the
library during the examination period because of its quiet
and cosy environment. Once, my friend and I were so
overcome by fatigue after studying the whole afternoon that
we even fell asleep in the library. The amused librarian left
us alone until it was time to close the library for the day. She
then shook us gently to wake us up.
We have three computer laboratories to cater to the
large number of students. We get to learn many new
computer skills and programmes during special computer
lessons. These are my favourite lessons. During these
classes, we enjoy surfing the Internet and visiting interesting
websites. Last week, when I was doing my work on the
school's E-learning platform, I heard a commotion going on
at the back of the laboratory. Two of my classmates who had
to share a computer were fighting over its use. Our irate
teacher punished them and they were made to leave the
laboratory. Often, we are so excited about using the
computer that we tend to get carried away. My two
classmates learnt their lesson that day and the rest of us also
realised the consequences of misbehaving in the computer
laboratory.
Unlike many other pupils, I enjoy going to school
every day. This is because I enjoy learning new things and
meeting my friends. Although the lessons can be gruelling
and monotonous at times, I would try my best to
concentrate and not think about the boredom. Sometimes, I
would think about eating my favourite chicken wings in the
canteen during recess.
There is not one thing about school that I do not like.
Since the day I entered school in Primary One, the school has
become a more and more interesting and exciting place to
be. I love my school so much that my ambition is to be a
teacher and to teach in this Primary school in the future.