"I'll just play one more game before going to bed/'
John said to himself as he started yet another round of his
favourite 'Commandos' computer game. However, by the
time he shot the last round of bullets at the enemy, the early
morning rays were shining in through the window.
John yawned and rubbed his eyes sleepily. He
switched off the computer and went to wash his face to
freshen himself up. He did not want to miss school because
his class was going on an excursion to the zoo that day.
During the ride to the zoo, John fell asleep in the bus
while his classmates were busy chatting with one another.
He was woken up from his slumber by his teacher when they
arrived at the zoo. Most of his classmates had already
alighted from the bus and were chatting excitedly at the
entrance of the zoo. John stumbled out of the bus, shielding
his eyes from the bright sun.
The students attended a lesson at a theatre in the
zoo. Although the lesson was interesting, John could barely
keep his eyes open. In fact, when the students were allowed
to touch some of the animals that were specially brought
into the room for them, John missed the chance to
experience holding the animals because he had fallen asleep
at his seat. As he was afraid of getting scolded, he had
chosen to sit in a corner which was darker than the other
parts of the room. Luckily for John, no one noticed him
sleeping. Unfortunately, he was so well hidden from view
that no one noticed that he was still in the theatre when
they left the place. Everyone boarded the bus and returned
to school.
When John finally woke up, he realised that the aircondition
had been switched off and there was an eerie
silence around him. He scanned the room and realised that
it was deserted. He began to panic and dashed to the door.
Fortunately the door was not locked and John managed to
locate one of the staff there who helped him to call the
school. John's teacher was furious when she received the
call. She had to make her way down to the zoo again to fetch
him back to school.
John was scolded by his parents again that night for
what had happened. His parents also threatened not to let
him go on outings again if he got too carried away playing
computer games. John vowed never to let such an incident
happen again.