Using the computer has become an integral part of many of our lessons today. It is a vital part in our education
as we enter into the era of information technology.
My form teacher, Mrs Tan, often conducted her
lessons in the computer laboratory in school. Our initial
lessons focused on basic computer usage and care of the
computer. We were also drilled on the importance of using
the computer. Those of us who were apprehensive about
using the computer gradually warmed up to it and after a
few lessons we began to look forward to those times when
Mrs Tan would bring us to the computer laboratory.
An unforgettable lesson was the one when Leslie, our
classmate, unintentionally wrecked one of the computers. It
was our first lesson on Internet usage and naturally
everyone was excited and geared up about using the
Internet. Thinking that he was very well-informed about the
Internet, Leslie proceeded to use the computer without
waiting for Mrs Tan's instructions. While Mrs Tan was
teaching, Leslie went from one website to another,
searching for the information he wanted. He even had the
audacity to print some of the articles that he found.
Mrs Tan was furious when she heard the whirr from
the printer. She scolded Leslie and demanded that he
stopped whatever he was doing and leave the room.
Stunned by Mrs Tan's booming voice, Larry switched off the
printer and the computer. In his haste, he had completely
forgotten Mrs Tan's advice on the proper way to shut down
the computer and printer. As a result, the printer was
jammed when Mrs Tan tried to switch it on again. The
computer also took a long time to start up again when Mrs
Tan switched it on. As a result, a lot of time was wasted.
Mrs Tan was furious with Leslie. As punishment, she
forbade Leslie from touching any of the computers during
computer lessons for a month. Poor Leslie, he could only
watch us as we had the time of our lives surfing the
Internet.
Although I felt sorry for Leslie, the incident made me
realise how important it was to follow the rules on computer
usage. My classmates and I were more vigilant whenever we
used the·computer both at home and in school.