We celebrate our nation's birthday on ninth August
every year. The usual practice is to commemorate the
occasion in the form of a parade-the National Day Parade,
held in the form of a dusk-to-night celebration.
The pre-parade is conducted prior to the arrival of
the President. The spectators create an expansive sea of red
as most are wearing the national colour. They watch lighthearted
performances accompanied by a choir that will lead
the spectators in the singing of popular national and
community songs. It is amazing to see thousands of
strangers come together, belting out well known songs in
perfect harmony.
In the parade segment, there is a display of grandeur
with dignified military precision drills. The marching
contingents will first march onto the field to await the
arrival of the President. After his arrival, the parade will
begin. It is always very elaborate and intricate. The
highlights include an aerial flypast and the firing of rifles and
cannons. Thereafter, the President will review the parade
before the contingents perform a march-past in front of the
grandstand.
The mass display segment is perhaps the most
exciting segment of the parade. In this segment, hundreds
or thousands of participants from all walks of life, don
colourful and vibrant costumes. They perform well-choreographed
formations with energetic and vibrant dance
routines. These create an air that is filled with celebratory
mood. They also perform with interesting and larger than life
props that are used to depict different aspects of
Singapore. In some parades, one may even see stilt-walkers,
huge ethnic drums and daredevil stunts. The mass displays
often encapsulate the history of Singapore and also the
common vision for its future. The segment will culminate in
an electrifying display of fireworks and laser displays. The
spectators became totally immersed in the celebrations as
the performances and songs appeal to their hearts.
Even after the parade ends and the spectators trail
off, there will still be people partying on the platform. Many
are still hyped up after the performance and most of them
are certainly still in a celebratory mood.