"Hello, everybody! I am Snow White. Welcome to
our world." A lady dressed in a white and blue costume
greeted us warmly with a clear sweet voice. She looked
rather young with a rosy and fair complexion. Her blond hair
and cherry red lips matched her dress perfectly well. The
classical look she portrayed was exactly like the lovely
mesmerising character I had imagined.
"Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho! I am Wisy the wizard!" a tall
skinny man grinned as he introduced himself to the
audience. There were freckles and wrinkles on his face,
giving him a judicious look. He seemed to me like an
amicable person.
One after another, the characters in the fairy tales
made their appearances and introduced themselves. When
the last character came out on stage, everyone seemed
astonished. I believed nobody could make out the outline of
his shape when we first saw him. He was somewhat like an
angel or an elf. He had glittery feathers and a green hat on
his head. He looked very strange.
"Hey! Why do you look as pale as a sheet and your
eyes as big as tomatoes? What's wrong? Do I frighten you?"
he questioned as he took off his hat. "I am Dinky the elf. You
see, I like to wear something different from the other elves
just to show that I am unique."
In the twinkling of an eye, he vanished from the
stage. He had seen an ugly witch appearing from the other
corner. The witch walked to the centre of the stage and
mumbled, "They always think that witches are bad, but I'm
not. I'm a kind soul." She started to sob miserably.
Dinky and the other characters stepped out from
behind the stage and tiptoed towards the weeping witch.
They observed her. Finally, Snow White remarked, "I think
she is a harmless witch."
Then, one after another, they began to befriend the
witch. They also apologised to her. "We're terribly sorry! We
were mistaken about you!"
Later, they held hands and sang and danced to the
lively beat of the final song. Some spun about in circles
while others pranced around. Before long, the florescent
lights came on again.
The thunderous applause from the audience was an
indication of the performers' success. There was little doubt
about the terrific team effort! Many students talked about
their favourite characters as they left the auditorium.
Everyone agreed that the drama club had put on a
magnificent performance.