Teng, teng, teng, teng... Another blissful pair of
lovebirds was getting married. My uncle had invited us to his
wedding banquet. It was held at a hotel and we were
very excited about meeting our relatives and having a
scrumptious dinner with all our relatives and friends.
The wedding hall was flooded with guests when we
arrived. There were many people all dressed to the nines
mingling about with wine glasses in their hands. Laughter
rang out and children ran about shouting and laughing.
Some of the guests were admiring the wedding photographs
while others were signing the guest register. Everyone was
in a joyous mood.
Soon, it was time for the banquet to begin. The
stunning bride and handsome groom entered the ballroom
gracefully accompanied by a melodious love song. Smoke
from buckets of dry ice made it seem like the couple was
walking through an enchanted land. It was heart-warming to
see the newly-weds walking hand-in-hand to their seats in
such a romantic atmosphere. Thereafter, the first dish of the
banquet was served to us with great fanfare. The ballroom
was darkened. A familiar tune from a recent movie was
played and waitresses and waiters emerged from behind
darkened curtains holding trays of mouth-watering food.
Once the dishes were placed on the table, the lights came on
again. Almost immediately, the clinking of cutlery could be
heard as everyone tucked into the food.
We had a lip-smacking ten-course dinner. The food
was so good that I stuffed myself till I could not eat any
more. My favourite dish was Stir Fried Prawns with
Asparagus. During the banquet, the bride and groom also
went to each table taking photographs in remembrance of
the joyous occasion. After eating for almost three hours, we
said our farewells, congratulated the newly-weds and
headed for home.
I opened the small gift that was at each seat in the
ballroom. It was a matt silver letter opener in the shape of a
dove. I could not help thinking of the wedding and how
wonderful it had been.