I had an extremely enjoyable time on Children's Day
before the millennium year. I recalled it was a hot and
humid afternoon. My schoolmates and I stepped into Kevis
Primary School with a big smile on our faces. We were all
ready for the programmes planned for our special day.
After our principal's lengthy speech, the concert
organised painstakingly by the English Language
departmental head, Mrs Foo, and the other teachers, finally
began. My friends and I who had been slouched in our seats,
sat upright once we heard that the concert was about to
begin.
First, there was an Indian Dance presented by our
Indian teachers. They were clad in attractive and dazzling
clothes. Wearing numerous gold bangles on their arms and
gold anklets around their ankles, the teachers gave an
energetic and interesting performance. Following the
enchanting cultural dance, the programme that came up
next was by our Chinese teachers. They each held a long
ribbon and waved it gracefully to the tune of the latest
Chinese song. They were adept at using the ribbons but
pretended to fumble. We were in stitches by the time the
performance ended.
Immediately after the end of the Chinese show, our
Malay teachers with their heads draped with headscarves
came on stage. It was again another eye-opener. Some
Malay students even stood up and started dancing to
support their teachers.
Besides dances, there were dramas and sing-a-long
sessions throughout. The celebration ended with the grand
finale when our school principal and vice principal dressed
up in our school uniform. One acted as the hopeless student
who spoke 'Singlish' while the other played the role of a
helpful prefect, trying to correct his friend's English. We
roared with laughter and applauded enthusiastically. What a
terrific day!
Children's Day has always been a memorable time
for me as I get to watch adults performing for me. I look
forward to that day because I get to do what I want and both
my teachers and parents always accede to my request.