Jalee leaned back in his chair and clasped his hands
casually behind his head. He yawned and closed his eyes. It
was going to be a relaxing day. Although normally a
proactive and resourceful reporter, he could not find any
exciting news to report that day.
However, the shrill ringing of the telephone jolted
him from his seat. He grabbed the telephone and almost
immediately he was greeted by excited shouts from his
colleague. She was unable to control her excitement as she
told him that an elephant had escaped from the zoo. Having
heard many different stories throughout his years as a
reporter, he was unfazed by what she told him and calmly
took down notes. He promised to go to the scene
immediately.
Jalee drove at top speed to the place where the
elephant was rumoured to be. When he arrived, he realised
that there were already many other reporters there. Jalee
tried to make his way to the front of the scene. He jostled
his way through and squeezed past the crowd almost falling
in the process. He was so preoccupied about getting to the
front that he did not notice that the elephant was actually
very near. Imagine his shock when he came face to face with
the humongous grey elephant.
Jalee dropped his camera in fright and was just about
to take a step back when the elephant, irritated and
frightened by the noise from the crowd, grabbed Jalee with
his long trunk. Poor Jalee yelled in fright as the elephant
swung him left to right with his trunk. His hat ,fell off his
head and he almost dropped his bag as well.

Luckily, the elephant trainer arrived at the scene on
time. He managed to distract the elephant with some leaves
and the elephant eventually released its hold on Jalee. Jalee
fell to the ground with a thud. He was not badly bruised, but
he was greatly embarrassed. He hurried away red-faced.

Jalee made headlines in the newspaper the next day.
However, this time he was not the writer. He was the star of
the story instead. He had learnt his lesson and realised how
important it was for him to be more careful.