I placed my elbow on the table and my hand under
my chin. I stared hard at the chessboard in front of me and
the dark brown pieces that were spread out in the squares.
Narrowing my eyes, I contemplated my next move. In front
of me, my father sat with his hands folded and his head
leaned casually against the back of the chair. He had a smile
on his face. That meant that he already knew he was going
to win the game.
I was introduced to the chessboard at the tender age
of five. My father's love for the game rubbed off on me
because he often invited his friends over for a game of chess
on weekends. I was intrigued by the skilful moves used to
defeat the opponents.
Since then, I have become hooked on the game. All
other games pale in comparison to chess. No two games are
always alike because there are always new challenges that
make the game interesting and fun . Many of my friends feel
that chess is dull as both the players are often just sitting
quietly and staring at the chess pieces. However, I have told
them that although there does not seem to be much action
in chess, it is actually a very challenging game.
Just last week, I played chess with one of my
neighbours. He is a boisterous young boy who is always
running around at the void deck. I thought that it would be
easy to defeat him. However, I was wrong. He was a superb
chess player. He did not play chess the conventional way
though. Whenever he moved a piece, he would chuckle and
wave his hand in the air. When he was waiting for his turn,
he would be squirming about impatiently in his seat. I was
stunned when I lost the game and immediately arranged to
play another game with him soon.
After playing chess for a few years, I now have the
opportunity to become the President of my school's chess
society. I have won a few competitions and have promptly
invested most of my prize money in books about chess.
Winning competitions brings glory to the school and also
makes others more aware of what chess is about. Some
students have come up to me to find out more about chess
and I am more than willing to help.
I am glad that I am able to enjoy my favourite game
and win prizes from it at the same time. I hope that more
people will realise how interesting chess is and learn to play
the game as well.