If only I could enjoy skiing here in Singapore. I really
envy my pen-pal from America. He experiences the four
seasons and has the luxury of enjoying water sports during
summer and winter sports during winter.
Yesterday, he sent me some pictures of himself doing
some of his favourite winter sports. His neon coloured
outfits were very prominent against the clear blue sky, white
ground and snow-capped mountains. During the winter
months, he loves to frolic in the snow and ice-skate. Besides
those, he also enjoys snowboarding and high-speed skiing.
Some of the pictures showed him doing daring stunts. Once I
saw a picture of him somersaulting when he reached the
bottom of a slope. Covered almost from top to toe in warm
clothing, he will spend most of his days outside in the snow.
Although the days are shorter, he makes use of every minute
he has during the day. He wakes up exceptionally early to
put on his sweater, muffler, gloves and ear muffs.
From the pictures, the snow looks soft and fluffy, but
my pen-pal has told me that it is possible to get a bruise
from being hit by a snowball. Still, I wish I could experience
what a snowball fight is like. I cannot imagine how many
different types of games there are during winter. I have also
wondered if it will be difficult trudging along in the deep
snow and whether all those layers of clothing would make it
too heavy for me to walk. My pen-pal has also told me that
winter means shovelling the snow from his driveway which
can be exhausting. Sometimes, his father's car gets stuck in
the snow as well and they have to push it home.
I have been trying to convince my father to visit a
country which will allow me to experience winter. However,
for the past two years, he has only taken me to the
neighbouring countries like Malaysia and Thailand. Though I
do somewhat enjoy the holidays in these foreign lands, I still
wish that in the near future, I will have the golden
opportunity to visit a temperate country during winter and
experience what it is like living in a place that is sometimes
piled high with snow.