Last week, James and I did a project on the life stages
of man as part of our English assignment. The life stages
refer to the different periods plants, animals and man go
through from the time of conception to death. Different
things happen during the life cycle, some of which are
unique to each stage. For the project, James and I reflected
on our experiences. We also did extensive research on the
Internet where we managed to obtain a substantial amount
of information.
First, we divided the life cycle into four different
stages. James and I mulled over what to focus on for each
stage and we finally came to an agreement after a long
discussion. For man, the beginning stages of the life cycle are
when he is an infant and a toddler. Most will agree that he is
at his most naive at this stage. Being young and unassuming,
he is unable to differentiate between right and wrong, good
and bad or even what is clean and what is dirty. At this
stage, parents are the main caregivers of the child and they
have the greatest influence on him. They are his role models
and he often mimics what they do or say.
For the next stage, James and I thought about our
own life as students. As the child grows older, the school
environment has a strong impact on him. He learns subjects
like Mathematics, English and Science as well as values. The
school is the first place where children learn to interact and
communicate with their peers and those in authority.
Through a system of punishment and rewards, children learn
what is expected of them.
The next stage in the life cycle is the adult phase.
Having graduated from school, the children are now
prepared for entry into the adult world. At this stage, many
will begin work and some might even start a family of their
own.
Old age is the last stage in the life cycle where the
mind and body gradually grows old. Man is usually not as
active during the later part of this stage as compared to the
earlier stages. For some, chronic and terminal illnesses
might strike, resulting eventually in death. As James and I
wrote about this last stage, I could not help thinking of my
maternal grandparents who were much more active than my
paternal grandparents. I realised that how one led his life
affected one's health when he was older.
James and I had an enjoyable time doing the project.
We learnt more about the life of man and we also had fun
searching for pictures and information on the Internet.