When I was a toddler, my parents gave me a daily
routine to follow on weekdays. This routine was modified
over the years as I grew older, but there was always a
routine to follow. Except for the occasional outings, I would
stick to my routine religiously. Sometimes, I would rebel and
veer away from the timetable but waking time, meal times
and bedtime would always be strictly adhered to.
Every morning, I would get up reluctantly from my
comfortable bed. My trusty alarm clock would go off at six
o'clock sharp and I would drag myself out of my slumber.
However, once I freshen myself up, I would be ready to face
a new day at school.
When lessons ended at one thirty in the afternoon, I
would hop onto the air-conditioned school bus with my
friends. It would take almost an hour for me to reach home.
I would usually be starving by the time I reached home.
Throwing my bag onto the floor, I would immediately rush to
the dining table where my grandmother would have already
put the delicious dishes she prepared for lunch. Without
even changing out of my school uniform, I would tuck in
hungrily.
I loved my grandmother's cooking. She seemed to be
a walking recipe book, able to come up with an endless
variety of dishes that never failed to whet my appetite. My
grandmother would usually have eaten by then and she
would watch me gobble down the food. Between mouthfuls
of food, I would tell her about my day. She would listen,
sometimes giving me advice on problems that I faced.
After lunch, I would take my bath and a short nap 
before waking up to do my homework. If there was no
homework, I would still be unable to escape from studying
because there was a multitude of assessment books on my
table which my parents had purchased for me.
Evening time was always a time to relax. I would join
some of my friends in the park. We would go cycling or
jogging. Sometimes, we would play football. We also began
learning how to roller blade. It was dangerous but fun .
When my parents returned home, I spent the night
talking to them. They would help me if I had any queries
about my homework. We would also watch television
together, ending the night with a walk in the park.
According to my timetable, I should be asleep by ten
at night. However, after my parents tucked me into bed, I
would turn on my reading light to read a storybook before
finally going to bed. I always went to bed feeling contented
and pleased. Any problems that I had during the day would
have been solved. I looked forward to a good night's rest.