Melissa was reading a book that she had just
borrowed from the library. It was about the water cycle. She
learnt that the water cycle is nature's wonderful way of
replenishing the earth with a bountiful supply of life's most
important resource-water. Without water, life will cease to
exist and the earth will become an arid and lifeless planet.
Therefore, the water cycle is a natural form of water
replacement and a cooling mechanism for the planet.
"Did you know that the water cycle starts with water
vapour evaporating into the air to form clouds?" she turned
to her mother. Her mother smiled and nodded. She urged
Melissa to read more to find out how the water cycle
worked. "When the sun shines on water bodies, like lakes
and the seas, or from the trees and the ground, this will give
out water vapour. The water vapour will then evaporate into
the sky. The water vapour condenses to become clouds
when the air gets cooler at high altitudes. This not only sets
the stage for water to be supplied to the earth, but it keeps
the earth cool by providing shade and shielding powerful
heat waves from the sun," Melissa continued, flipping the
pages with great interest.

By then, it was almost time for bed. Melissa's mother 
read the rest of the book to her before bedtime. "The white
clouds we see in the sky turn into dark thunderstorm clouds
when they become heavy with water vapour. This is when
the next stage begins and rain falls to the ground. This stage
is called precipitation. This can last from mere seconds to
days. If the clouds keep releasing huge amounts of rain over
days, there might be floods." Melissa's eyes were still wide
open even though she was feeling drowsy. She wanted to
finish reading the book before going to bed.
After much persuasion, her mother continued
reading the book. "Nevertheless, the earth will not run out
of water as long as the water cycle continues. Unless there is
a disaster due to the actions of mankind or through other
calamities, the earth will still function as long as there is
water falling from the sky."
Melissa knew that many people are still not aware of 
the water cycle. They probably do not realise the importance
of the water cycle in their daily lives.