Caught red handed. That was exactly what happened
when Jack and Joe cheated in a test. The two boys sat
nervously in their seats. However, their anxiety stemmed
from different reasons. One was afraid of the English test
that was about to start but the other was hoping that the
teacher would not see him giving the answers to his best
friend. Joe, the brighter of the two, had persuaded Jack to
play basketball the whole afternoon yesterday. As a result,
Jack did not have the time to revise for his test.
When the papers were placed on their desks, Joe
smiled at his friend and gave him the thumbs up sign. Jack
heaved a sigh of relief. This meant that Joe knew how to
answer the questions. Knowing that his friend would help
him, Joe did not even glance at the questions. When the test
began, the two boys bowed their heads, as though deep in
thought. However, as soon as the teacher's back was turned,
Joe began whispering to Jack, telling him the answers to the
questions. The boys were conveniently seated because Joe
was sitting just next to Jack. Even though the tables were
apart, it was still close enough for Joe to help his friend.
Everything was going so well that Jack did not even bother
to do any of the questions himself. He merely copied all of
Joe's answers.
Suddenly, a booming voice interrupted the silence in
the classroom. "Jack and Joe! What are the two of you
doing? Come here at once with your test papers!" Mrs Goh,
their teacher, shouted crossly at the two errant boys.
The two boys had such a fright when they heard their
teacher shouting at them, that for a moment, they were
rooted to their seats. It was not until their other classmates
began staring at them and whispering to one another, did
they get up from their seats and walk towards their teacher.
Their hearts sank when she reprimanded them and told
them that she wanted to see their parents.
As Joe and Jack stood outside the office waiting for
their parents that afternoon, they hung their heads in
shame. Everyone who passed by was staring at them. Some
were even whispering and sniggering. Joe wished he had not
encouraged Jack to play basketball. Jack wished he had not
agreed to copy Joe's answers on the English test.